We are the family that Huacan Group once took a fancy to
How dare you procrastinate
Huacan Group values you to have something to do
Huacan Group doesn't like you
I'm not even as good as the little security guard of Huacan Group.
How dare you, a stinky security guard, look at people
Dad won't let us in
Wait for us to reload
New cooperation with Huacan Group
I'll let you roll up and get out right away
Wait until you go in and get the cooperation.
You get out of the way get out of the way
Don't drink the turtle like this
young
This is not
The Jiang family, who once threatened to cooperate with Huacan Group
Why can't I even get in the door?
I heard
Is it because the Jiang family style is not right and the group is divided?
Refuse to cooperate
I heard
It's about to go out of business, just crying and begging to go in
Jiangjiang used to be a famous family
It's not too embarrassing to do that now. Go, go, go.
Dad, what do we do now?